WP1

TSA	EURC	FOKUS	CAM	NOTT	PTIN	NICTA	
10	￼4	3￼	24	￼16￼	6￼	6	￼	

Requirements M1-9
CAM, NOTT, NICTA, TSA, EURC, PTIN

Arch  3-30
CAM, NOTT, NICTA, FOKUS, PTIN, TSA

Components impl  6-33
CAM, NOTT, NICTA, TSA, EURC, FOKUS, PTIN

D1.1 – PIH Requirements Document

D1.2 – Preliminary PIH Architecture (R, PU, M18)

D1.3 – Final PIH Architecture and Implementation (R+P, PU, M33)

CAM will coordinate the core PIH architectural and implementation
work. This is illustrated in Figure one, between the secure & private
API, and the data import and processing lower layer API.
TSA will contribute to the PIH requirements, and to the architecture
definition and component implementation related to the cloud based
data broker and the pub/sub system.
PTIN will be participating in all WP1 activities. It will contribute
to the requirements and architecture design of the PIH. PTIN intends
to evolve its context framework XMPP based (w/ pub/sub extension
NICTA will contribute to the analyses of PIH requirements,
specifically in context of the data exploited by the recommendation
component. NICTA’s analyses will concentrate on the compatibility of
the API to requirements posed by the state-of-the-art recommender
systems.
FOKUS will contribute to the initial system architecture and ensure
that the interfaces between the primary components are well defined.
Furthermore, Fraunhofer FOKUS will feed back results and experiences
from WP5 to update and improve the specification, based on integration
and testing experience. Fraunhofer will also contribute to the
implementations of the individual components, with special focus on
the component interfaces.
NOTT will continue its close cooperation with Cambridge to work on the
overall architecture of PIH. This will build upon previous joint work
in the development of the personal data containers and incorporate
existing work exploring the development of personal dataware services.
Nottingham will combine this work with the consideration of user
requirements in WP4 and the user centred perspectives of data
collection in WP2.
EURECOM will mainly contribute to the analysis of system requirements
and implementation of individual components assuring security and
privacy.
